Insight Engine - M2 Editor Guide

Layout (Rubric : Steps to test)

1201 :	New Scene: File > New > Scene...

		Load Scene (3 ways):
		1. File > Open > Scene…
		2. Drag/drop from editor's Asset Browser.
		3. Drag/drop from Windows file explorer.
	
		Save Scene:
		1. File > Save Scene/ Save Scene As…
	
		Create Entity:
		1. Expand scenes tree node.
		2. Select a scene.
		3. Right click on selected scene > Add Entity.
		
		Delete Entity:
		1. Expand the selected scene tree node.
		2. Select an entity.
		3. Right click on entity > Delete Entity.
		
1202 :	Scene (.insight) files encoded in JSON format contain the list of entities and its components in the scene.
		
		Refer to rubric 1201 on how to create a new scene and entity.
		
		1. Right click on selected entity > Add Component > Choose a component to add.
		   (Component should show up in Inspector Panel)
		2. Modify the attributes of a component via the Inspector Panel.
		3. Save the current scene.
		4. Load scene.
		5. Expand the scenes tree node.
		6. Select the scene loaded.
		7. Expand the selected scene tree node.
		8. Select the previously edited entity.
		9. Previously edited values should be reflected in the Inspector Panel.
		
1203 :	Refer to Rubric 1202 on how to select an entity.
		Each component can be modified via the Inspector Panel.

1204 :	Refer to Rubric 1201 on how the Scene Hierarchy Panel is used.

1205 :	Refer to Rubric 1201 on how to Load/Edit/Save scene.

1206 :	Refer to Rubric 1203 to modify an entity.
		Save As Prefab: prefab is saved with the entity's name.
		Load Prefab: select a prefab from the list to load and overwrites the entity.

1207 :	UI Docking (using imgui-docking branch): 
		Pick and drag panels from the panel's tab and the editor will show areas that can
		be docked highlighted in orange as the panel is moved around within the window.

		Play/Stop button are located in the toolbar located below the window's menu bar.
		Play: Saves the current scene, switches from editor mode to runtim and switches
		the camera from editor camera to scene camera.

		Note: Pressing the 'Tab' key on the keyboard will disable rendering the
		editor layer and only show the game view.

1208 :	Free Editor Camera:
		On startup, the editor uses the editor's free camera by default.
		Pressing the stop button will automatically switch from the in-game camera to the free editor camera.

		Controls:
		Zoom: Scroll up to zoom in and scroll down to zoom out or via editor UI in toolbar.

		Zoom speed: via editor UI in toolbar.

		Pan Speed: via editor UI in toolbar.

		Panning: Hold down right mouse button and move around the scene view to pan the camera around the world.
		
1209 :	Under Asset Browser (bottom of window),
		Drag and drop scenes into Scene Hierarchy Panel/Scene View (left and center of window) will load the selected scene.

		Under imported in assets browser,
		Drag and drop assets into the texture image in the Inspector Panel's sprite component will overwrite the current texture used by the entity.

		In Windows file explorer,
		Drag and drop scenes into the window will load the scenes.
		Drag and drop textures will load textures into the engine.
		Drag and drop prefab files will load prefabs into the engine.
		
1210 :	Pick Entity:
		In Scene Panel, left click on entity to select an entity.
		(Selected entity with an orange outline)
		
		In Scene Panel, after picking an entity, keep the left mouse button
		and move around in the scene panel, the entity's translation will follow suit.
		
1211 :	Asset Browser (bottom of window):

		Under the navigation pane (tree view):
		Imported shows all of the imported assets in folders based on the type of asset.

		All Assets will display all folders in the "Assets" directory in the working directory.
		Directories that contain sub directories are indicated with an arrow on the right.

		Under file and folder listing:
		It displays the files and folders as icons for thumbnail.

		Note: Drag and drop features were explained previously in rubric 1209.
